MHTCET Colleges 

COEP Technological University
VJTI, Matunga, Mumbai
Sardar Patel Institute of Technology, Andheri
Pune Institute of Computer Technology
Institute of Chemical Technology, Matunga
Dwarkadas J. Sanghvi College of Engineering, Vile Parle
Cummins College of Engineering for Women, Pune
Walchand College of Engineering, Sangli
Thadomal Shahani Engineering College, Bandra
Vishwakarma Institute of Technology, Pune
Pimpri Chinchwad College of Engineering, Pune
Vivekanand Education Society's Institute of Technology, Chembur
Laxminarayan Innovation Technological University, Nagpur
Fr. Conceicao Rodrigues College of Engineering, Bandra
K J Somaiya Institute of Technology
Pune Vidyarthi Griha's College of Engineering, Pune
D.Y. Patil College of Engineering Akurdi, Pune
Government College of Engineering, Chhatrapati Sambhajinagar
Government College of Engineering, Amravati
Vidyalankar Institute of Technology, Wadala
Sardar Patel College of Engineering, Andheri
Government College of Engineering, Karad
Thakur College of Engineering and Technology, Kandivali
Government College of Engineering, Nagpur
FR. C. Rodrigues Institute of Technology, Vashi
AISSMS College of Engineering, Pune
AISSMS Institute of Information Technology, Pune
Rajarshi Shahu College of Engineering, Tathawade
Pimpri Chinchwad College of Engineering and Research, Ravet
Shri Guru Gobind Singhji Institute of Engineering, Nanded
MIT Academy of Engineering, Alandi
Don Bosco Institute of Technology, Mumbai
International Institute of Information Technology (I²IT), Pune
D.Y. Patil Institute of Technology, Pimpri
Marathwada Mitra Mandal's College of Engineering, Pune
St. Francis Institute of Technology, Borivali
Kolhapur Institute of Technology's College of Engineering, Kolhapur
Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Technology, Mumbai
Xavier Institute of Engineering, Mahim
Government College of Engineering & Research, Avasari Khurd
Government College of Engineering & Research, Avasari Khurd (duplicate)
Modern College of Engineering, Pune
K. K. Wagh Institute of Engineering, Nashik
S.I.E.S. Graduate School of Technology, Navi Mumbai
University Dept. of Chemical Technology, Aurangabad
Yeshwantrao Chavan College of Engineering, Nagpur
Thakur Shyamnarayan Engineering College, Mumbai
Bharati Vidyapeeth College of Engineering, Navi Mumbai
Sinhgad College of Engineering, Vadgaon, Pune
Institute of Chemical Technology, Jalna
Atharva College of Engineering, Malad
Bharati Vidyapeeth's College of Engineering, Lavale
Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj College of Engineering, Shegaon
Shah & Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College, Mumbai
Bharati Vidyapeeth's College of Engineering for Women, Pune
Pillai College of Engineering, New Panvel
Wadia College of Engineering, Pune
Terna Engineering College, Navi Mumbai
G.H. Raisoni College of Engineering & Management, Wagholi
Rajarambapu Institute of Technology, Walwa, Sangli
Vidyavardhini's College of Engineering, Vasai
JSPM's Jaywantrao Sawant College of Engineering, Pune
Kamalnayan Bajaj Institute of Engineering, Baramati
Datta Meghe College of Engineering, Airoli
Vasantdada Patil Pratishthan's College of Engineering, Sion
Usha Mittal Institute of Technology, Mumbai
Smt. Kashibai Navale College of Engineering, Vadgaon
Textile & Engineering Institute, Ichalkaranji
Sanjivani College of Engineering, Kopargaon
Government College of Engineering, Jalgaon
Rizvi College of Engineering, Bandra
Shri Bhagubhai Mafatlal Polytechnic & College of Engineering
JSPM Narhe Technical Campus, Pune
A. P. Shah Institute of Technology, Thane
Lokmanya Tilak College of Engineering, Navi Mumbai
Pune Vidyarthi Griha's College of Engineering, Nashik
Amrutvahini College of Engineering, Sangamner
Government College of Engineering, Kolhapur
Walchand Institute of Technology, Solapur
G.H. Raisoni College of Engineering, Nagpur
Indira College of Engineering & Management, Pune
NBN Sinhgad Technical Institutes Campus, Pune
Karmaveer Adv. Baburao Thakare College of Engineering, Nashik
Smt. Indira Gandhi College of Engineering, Navi Mumbai
Saraswati College of Engineering, Kharghar
Sinhgad Institute of Technology and Science, Narhe
Ajeenkya DY Patil School of Engineering, Lohegaon
Pd. Vasantdada Patil Institute of Technology, Bavdhan
Marathwada Mitra Mandal's Institute of Technology, Lohgaon
Sant Gadge Baba Amravati University, Amravati
Nutan Maharashtra Institute of Engineering & Technology, Pune
Prof. Ram Meghe Institute of Technology & Research, Amravati
M.H. Saboo Siddik College of Engineering, Mumbai
MET League's Engineering College, Nashik
ST. Vincent Pallotti College of Engineering, Nagpur
Annasaheb Chudaman Patil College of Engineering, Navi Mumbai
Finolex Academy of Management and Technology, Ratnagiri
Sinhgad Academy of Engineering, Kondhwa, Pune
G H Raisoni College of Engineering & Management, Nagpur
Shree L.R. Tiwari College of Engineering, Mira Road
Zeal College of Engineering & Research, Narhe
D.Y. Patil College of Engineering and Technology, Kolhapur
Bhivarabai Sawant Institute of Technology & Research, Wagholi
R. C. Patel Institute of Technology, Shirpur
Vidya Prasarak Mandal's College of Engineering, Thane
Cummins College of Engineering For Women, Nagpur
Rasiklal M. Dhariwal Sinhgad Technical Institutes Campus, Pune
M.G.M.'s College of Engineering and Technology, Navi Mumbai
University Institute of Chemical Technology, Jalgaon
Government College of Engineering, Yavatmal
Dhole Patil College of Engineering, Wagholi
K.C. College of Engineering, Kopri, Thane
Deogiri Institute of Engineering and Management Studies, Aurangabad
New Horizon Institute of Technology & Management, Thane
Sinhgad Institute of Technology
Shri Vithal Education and Research Institute, Pandharpur
Anantrao Pawar College of Engineering & Research, Pune
Shivnagar Vidya Prasarak Mandal's College of Engineering, Baramati
Shivajirao S. Jondhale College of Engineering, Dombivali
Priyadarshani College of Engineering, Nagpur
P. R. Pote Patil College of Engineering, Amravati
Trinity Academy of Engineering, Yewalewadi
S K N Sinhgad College of Engineering, Pandharpur
Annasaheb Dange College of Engineering, Ashta, Sangli
Pravara Rural College of Engineering, Loni
Bhivarabai Sawant College of Engineering and Research, Narhe
Sipna College of Engineering & Technology, Amravati
Pillai HOC College of Engineering & Technology, Raigad
Government College of Engineering, Chandrapur
ISBM College of Engineering, Pune
VIVA Institute of Technology, Virar
Dr. D.Y. Patil College of Engineering & Innovation, Talegaon
R.H. Sapat College of Engineering, Nashik
PDEA's College of Engineering, Manjari, Pune
Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Institute of Technology, Panvel
Pravin Rohidas Patil College of Engineering & Technology
Maharashtra Institute of Technology, Aurangabad
Genba Sopanrao Moze College of Engineering, Baner-Balewadi
Parvatibai Genba Moze College of Engineering, Wagholi
Tatyasaheb Kore Institute of Engineering, Warananagar
Prof Ram Meghe College of Engineering, Badnera
St. John College of Engineering & Management, Palghar
SVKM's Institute of Technology, Dhule
S.S.P.M.'s College of Engineering, Kankavli
SKN Sinhgad Institute of Technology & Science, Pune
Trinity College of Engineering and Research, Pisoli
Mahatma Gandhi Missions College of Engineering, Nanded
Alard College of Engineering and Management, Pune
Universal College of Engineering, Palghar
Priyadarshini J. L. College of Engineering, Nagpur
Nagesh Karajagi Orchid College of Engineering, Solapur
Bajaj Institute of Technology, Wardha
Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Technological University, Lonere
N. B. Navale Sinhgad College of Engineering, Solapur
Dr. Vithalrao Vikhe Patil College of Engineering, Ahmednagar
Bharati Vidyapeeth's College of Engineering, Kolhapur
CSMSS Chh. Shahu College of Engineering, Aurangabad
Sandip Institute of Technology, Nashik
Guru Gobind Singh College of Engineering, Nashik
Yadavrao Tasgaonkar Institute of Engineering, Karjat
Bharat College of Engineering, Badlapur
Mauli Group of Institutions, Shegaon
S. B. Jain Institute of Technology, Nagpur
M.S. Bidve Engineering College, Latur
Department of Technology, Shivaji University, Kolhapur
SNJB's Kantabai Bhavarlalji Jain College of Engineering, Nashik
Shivajirao S. Jondhale College of Engineering & Technology, Thane
Dr. J.J. Magdum College of Engineering, Jaysingpur
Dr. D.Y. Patil Technical Campus, Varale, Talegaon
Jawaharlal Darda Institute of Engineering, Yavatmal
Karmaveer Bhaurao Patil College of Engineering, Satara
MET's Institute of Technology, Nashik
Priyadarshini Bhagwati College of Engineering, Nagpur
Watumull Institute of Engineering & Technology, Ulhasnagar
Aurangabad College of Engineering, Aurangabad
Konkan Gyanpeeth College of Engineering, Karjat
Yashwantrao Bhonsale Institute of Technology
K.J. College of Engineering & Management Research, Pisoli
Sanjay Ghodawat Institute
Anjuman-I-Islam's Kalsekar Technical Campus, Panvel
Sant Gajanan Maharaj College of Engineering, Gadhinglaj
K.D.K. College of Engineering, Nagpur
Shri Hanuman Vyayam Prasarak Mandal's College of Engineering, Amravati
Dr. D Y Patil Pratishthan's College of Engineering, Kolhapur
Shramsadhana Bombay Trust, College of Engineering, Jalgaon
Vishwaniketan's iMEET, Khalapur
Ideal Institute of Technology, Wada, Thane
Sharad Institute of Technology College of Engineering, Ichalkaranji
VPM's Maharshi Parshuram College of Engineering, Ratnagiri
P.K. Technical Campus, Pune
Shree Ramchandra College of Engineering, Lonikand
Siddhant College of Engineering, Maval, Pune
Rajendra Mane College of Engineering, Ratnagiri
R.C. Patel College of Engineering and Polytechnic, Shirpur
Keystone School of Engineering, Pune
Loknete Gopinathji Munde Institute of Engineering, Nashik
Jaihind College of Engineering, Kuran
Sandip Institute of Engineering & Management, Nashik
Peoples Education Society's College of Engineering, Aurangabad
Shri Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj College of Engineering, Nepti
Kavi Kulguru Institute of Technology & Science, Ramtek
Theem College of Engineering, Boisar
Dr. Daulatrao Aher College of Engineering, Karad
Indala College of Engineering, Bapsai, Kalyan
Anuradha Engineering College, Chikhali
Vidya Prasarini Sabha's College of Engineering, Lonavala
D.Y. Patil Technical Campus, Talsande, Kolhapur
Matoshri College of Engineering, Eklahare, Nashik
Sahyadri Valley College of Engineering, Rajuri, Pune
Yadavrao Tasgaonkar College of Engineering & Management
G.V. Acharya Institute of Engineering and Technology, Karjat
Pad. Vasantraodada Patil Institute of Technology, Budhgaon
Dr. Rajendra Gode Institute of Technology, Amravati
Sir Visvesvaraya Institute of Technology, Chincholi, Nashik
Shri Shivaji Education Society's College of Engineering, Akola
J D College of Engineering and Management, Nagpur
S.N.D. College of Engineering & Research, Babulgaon
Al-Ameen College of Engineering, Koregaon Bhima
Gharda Institute of Technology, Khed, Ratnagiri
Navsahyadri Education Society's Group of Institutions
Late Bapusaheb Shivaji Rao Deore College of Engineering, Dhule
Devi Mahalaxmi College of Engineering and Technology
Tulsiramji Gaikwad Patil College of Engineering, Nagpur
G H Raisoni College of Engineering and Management, Jalgaon
Loknete Shamrao Peje Government College of Engineering, Ratnagiri
Guru Nanak Institute of Engineering & Technology, Nagpur
Group of Institutions (Integrated Campus), Kashti Shrigondha
Rajiv Gandhi College of Engineering Research & Technology, Chandrapur
Manav School of Engineering & Technology, Akola
Late Gambhirrao Natuba Sapkal College of Engineering, Nashik
Sharadchandra Pawar College of Engineering, Dumbarwadi
A.G. Patil Institute of Technology, Solapur
Tatyasaheb Kore Institute of Engineering and Technology, Yelur
Terna Public Charitable Trust's College of Engineering, Osmanabad
B.R. Harne College of Engineering & Technology, Ambernath
Samarth College of Engineering and Management
Jhulelal Institute of Technology, Nagpur
Shree Siddheshwar Women's College of Engineering, Solapur
Brahma Valley College of Engineering & Research, Nashik
Yashoda Technical Campus, Wadhe, Satara
Suryodaya College of Engineering & Technology, Nagpur
Shreeyash College of Engineering and Technology, Aurangabad
Jagdambha College of Engineering and Technology, Yavatmal
Dilkap Research Institute of Engineering, Karjat
Wainganga College of Engineering and Management, Nagpur
Matsyodari Shikshan Sansatha's College of Engineering, Jalna
D.N. Patel College of Engineering, Shahada, Nandurbar
Vilasrao Deshmukh Foundation Group of Institutions, Latur
Khandesh College of Engineering And Management, Jalgaon
Shri Chhatrapati Shivajiraje College of Engineering, Bhor
Vishwabharati Academy's College of Engineering, Ahmednagar
College of Engineering and Technology, North Maharashtra, Jalgaon
Babasaheb Naik College of Engineering, Pusad
Flora Institute of Technology, Khed Shivapur, Pune
Shri Shivaji Institute of Engineering and Management Studies, Parbhani
Sharadchandra Pawar College of Engineering & Technology, Someshwar Nagar
Padmashri Dr. V.B. Kolte College of Engineering, Malkapur
Shatabdi Institute of Engineering & Research, Sinnar
Dnyanshree Institute Engineering and Technology, Satara
Smt. Alamuri Ratnamala Institute of Engineering, Shahapur
Godavari College of Engineering, Jalgaon
Takshashila Institute of Engineering & Technology, Amravati
MIT College of Railway Engineering and Research, Barshi
Sanghavi College of Engineering, Varvandi, Nashik
Anjuman College of Engineering & Technology, Nagpur
Matoshri Pratishan's Group of Institutions, Nanded
Gurunanak Institute of Technology, Nagpur
Shri. Jaykumar Rawal Institute of Technology, Dondaicha
Nagpur Institute of Technology, Nagpur
Institute of Technology, Management & Research, Nashik
Smt. Radhikatai Pandav College of Engineering, Nagpur
Atma Malik Institute of Technology & Research
Adarsh Institute of Technology and Research Centre, Vita, Sangli
Karmayogi Institute of Technology
Dr. Bapuji Salunkhe Institute of Engineering & Technology, Kolhapur
Suman Ramesh Tulsiani Technical Campus, Kamshet
Ashokrao Mane Group of Institutions
Mahatma Basaweshwar Education Society's College of Engineering, Ambejogai
Rajarshi Shahu College of Engineering, Buldhana
Nanasaheb Mahadik College of Engineering, Walwa, Sangli
Shree Santkrupa Institute of Engineering & Technology, Karad
J.T. Mahajan College of Engineering, Faizpur
Shankarrao Mohite Patil Institute of Technology, Akluj
Fabtech Technical Campus College of Engineering, Sangola
Vidharbha Institute of Technology, Nagpur
Dattakala Group of Institutions, Daund, Pune
Siddhivinayak Technical Campus, Nile
P.G. College of Engineering & Technology, Nandurbar
New Institute of Technology, Kolhapur
Matoshri Asarabai Polytechnic, Nashik
Matoshri Institute of Technology, Dhanore, Nashik
Sanjeevan Group of Institutions
Ballarpur Institute of Technology, Bhandara
Hi-Tech Institute of Technology, Aurangabad
International Centre of Excellence in Engineering (ICEEM)
Shree Govindrao Vanjari College of Engineering, Nagpur
Gramin Technical and Management Campus, Nanded
G.M. Vedak Institute of Technology, Tala, Raigad
Dr. A. D. Shinde College of Engineering, Kolhapur
Shri Sant Gadgebaba College of Engineering, Bhusawal
Vidya Vikas Pratishthan Institute of Engineering, Solapur
Aditya Engineering College, Beed
Gangamai College of Engineering, Dhule
Sanmati Engineering College, Washim
Bapurao Deshmukh College of Engineering, Sevagram
Bramhadevdada Mane Institute of Technology, Solapur
Metropolitan Institute of Technology & Management, Sindhudurg
Adsul's Technical Campus, Ahmednagar
Pankaj Laddhad Institute of Technology & Management Studies, Buldhana
Karanjekar College of Engineering & Management, Sakoli
Sanjay Bhokare Group of Institutes, Miraj
Sandipani Technical Campus, Latur
Shri Shankarprasad Agnihotri College of Engineering, Wardha
Dr. V.K. Patil College of Engineering & Technology
Arvind Gavali College of Engineering, Satara
Vidya Niketan College of Engineering, Sangamner
Nagarjuna Institute of Engineering Technology & Management, Nagpur
Manoharbhai Patel Institute of Engineering & Technology, Bhandara
Mandukarrao Pandav College of Engineering, Bhandara
Everest Education Society Group of Institutions, Ohar
Jaywant College of Engineering & Polytechnic, Sangali
Rajiv Gandhi College of Engineering, Ahmednagar
Phaltan Education Society's College of Engineering, Satara
Shri Sai College of Engineering & Technology, Bhadrawati
Ahinsa Institute of Technology, Dhule
S.B. Patil College of Engineering, Indapur
Bhagwant Institute of Technology, Barshi
Shri. Anandrao Abitkar College of Engineering, Pal
Agnihotri College of Engineering, Sindhi(Meghe)
Shriram Institute of Engineering & Technology, Paniv
Samajbhushan Eknathrao Dhakane College of Engineering, Shevgaon
Shree Tuljabhavani College of Engineering, Tuljapur
Swaminarayan Siddhanta Institute of Technology, Nagpur
Appasaheb Alias Sa.Re.Patil Institute of Technology, Kolhapur
K. T. Patil College of Engineering and Technology, Osmanabad
Mangaldeep College of Engineering
Nagnathappa Halge Engineering College, Parli, Beed
Shri Swami Samarth Institute of Management and Technology, Nashik
Maulana Mukhtar Ahmad Nadvi Technical Campus, Malegaon
Bharat-Ratna Indira Gandhi College of Engineering, Solapur
MKD Institute of Technology, Nandurbar
R.V. Parankar College of Engineering & Technology, Wardha
Jamia Institute of Engineering And Management Studies, Akkalkuwa
Mitthulalji Sarada Polytechnic, Beed
Abhinav Education Society's College of Engineering, Wadwadi
V M Institute of Engineering and Technology, Nagpur
Sangli Vishveshwarya Technical Campus, Miraj
Late Narayandas Bhawandas Chhabada Institute of Engineering, Satara
Jijau Institute of Engineering Technology and Management, Nanded
Vilasrao Deshmukh College of Engineering and Technology, Nagpur